okay how do you feel about the Trump
zone the way I feel about the crumbs own
I feel that it's just a big open door in
a variety of ways it's a big open door
as far as the whole krump movement to
grow it's a big open door as far as
getting kids off the street it's a big
open door for new talent for some
underground dance that not many people
know about to get exposed you know to
travel to learn about the world you know
what I mean go overseas and and do
things like that it's it's a it's a
blessing because you get to vision the
way they suffering the way we suffer and
compare you know what I mean nothing's
the same so there's people krumping
around across across the world and they
might be doing the same exact thing
we're doing but different reasons we
might be movie might be not we might be
dancing because of of suffering at home
with no food no meals are fighting at
home or or kids getting beat or whatever
the case is you might suffer because it
gangs or you got tickets so you you know
whatever the case you but out there it's
it's it's so humble they don't worry
about rims I believe it's a learning
experience no matter what I think it's a
beautiful thing to bring a group of kids
together of all ages to be able to
perform and show what they got because
they're going to learn themselves and
their learning wow they're a part of
this in order to keep teaching other
kids how to grow so I was part of gangs
I was part of the whole let me shoot or
getting shot at you know I was a part of
all that stuff that's just something
that my mom was trying to pin into me
but I would never listen it's just
something I had to experience on my own
so she really taught me how to be a man
and it's pretty amazing for a woman to
do that you know what I mean if you were
able to go on the road and teach kids
about krumping and being a role model
that's something you would like to do of
course very much so why I believe that
it can take one person to help any
little thing grow
it can be like a disease that just
spreads you know just because something
is positive it doesn't mean it can't
spread as quickly as something negative
does it's easier to destroy them to sit
there and fix something you know what I
mean but nothing is destroyed right now
as far as the krump world it's not
destroyed you're getting a bunch of
dancers that are really amazing of all
ages to be able to send a positive
message upon what they do in order to
stay out of trouble you know so with
this movement and the way everything is
going if this all settles well I believe
just by seeing a group of kids of
different races different ages males
females it doesn't matter what it is and
expressing themselves in an art form of
dance and each person saying what
they've been through and what they're
going through and the whole nine yards
it's just going to grow no matter what
some people don't understand krump they
think it's only a dance that only
because I'm mad only because I want to
beat somebody up it's not that you could
be heartbroken and just want to express
yourself you could be sad and just want
to express or so you could be happy in
and do a hat trick and make it the
funniest hat trick in the world and just
want to express yourself but that's the
that's the type thing about krump that
you can add anything you want do what
you do and show what you got on the
dance floor unite I mean whether you're
male or female we got up to like 60 old
men krumping old-school krumping you
know I'm saying people in Japan krumping
like it's going to spread and that's
what I want it's worth the spread in a
positive way the way b-boying is you got
france vs germany japan vs USA you know
what I'm saying like you got all these
things and that's what I want krump to
be you know I mean like there's krumpers
in Russia and everywhere else and it's
just other people suffering the same a
different way but having the same
expression you know I mean